---
title: "Catum Ipsum"
description: ""
featured_image: ''
menu: none
---


Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Immediately regret falling into bathtub to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!. I see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy the dog smells bad. One of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see really likes hummus but cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws, for give me attention or face the wrath of my claws twitch tail in permanent irritation claws in your leg yet i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree meow loudly just to annoy owners fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish and check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in so mouse somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock. Walk on keyboard fight an alligator and win for the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws or fall asleep upside-down meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing but attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently ask for petting. Reaches under door into adjacent room get away from me stupid dog or purr. I like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk meow in empty rooms tweeting a baseball yet scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!, knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish or lick the other cats. Rub against owner because nose is wet lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back, yet get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper or spread kitty litter all over house so chase laser, go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway, stand in front of the computer screen. I am the best fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us. Use lap as chair jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans but you call this cat food and hunt anything that moves, but hack up furballs but i love cuddles. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves kitty time cats are a queer kind of folk or curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting and skid on floor, crash into wall for chase laser. Swat turds around the house plan your travel jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, so stretch out on bed my left donut is missing, as is my right for cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! or somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock but kitty time yet meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat and that box? i can fit in that box. In the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep be superior stretch purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow for lick sellotape.

Floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes throwup on your pillow fart in owners food and wack the mini furry mouse for nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws stare at ceiling light hate dogs. Lick plastic bags stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish purr like an angel and try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard ask for petting the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws but jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Swipe at owner's legs gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye for get away from me stupid dog yet to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly but the cat was chasing the mouse. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face.

Meeeeouw scratch the furniture yet cough. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me. Swat turds around the house always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose proudly present butt to human but paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Howl uncontrollably for no reason sit as close as possible to warm fire without sitting on cold floor for reaches under door into adjacent room. Waffles. Sit in box mew cats woo, cat mojo slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish but run off table persian cat jump eat fish. Steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom catch mouse and gave it as a present prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark, for run up and down stairs yet cat mojo hey! you there, with the hands. Hell is other people asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) yet meow to be let in freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender so brown cats with pink ears annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh catasstrophe yet attack the child yet sun bathe sleeping in the box. Bite nose of your human stare at ceiling stick butt in face, for meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Bite off human's toes instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason what a cat-ass-trophy! for nya nya nyan and meow and walk away look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Have secret plans woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip or flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower so try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box slap kitten brother with paw throw down all the stuff in the kitchen why must they do that, or russian blue but stretch why must they do that. Purr when give birth. Be superior push your water glass on the floor, vommit food and eat it again and grass smells good purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Reward the chosen human with a slow blink. Sniff all the things toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox what the heck just happened, something feels fishy chirp at birds. Run in circles destroy dog for drink water out of the faucet but love you, then bite you toy mouse squeak roll over and check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Munch on tasty moths i like frogs and 0 gravity meow meow or please stop looking at your phone and pet me for cat slap dog in face for meowing non stop for food.
